README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# JavaScript Errors and Debugging

Two of the most common challenges developers face are debugging and dealing with
errors. This is especially true for junior developers like yourself. The goal
of this lab is to give you exposure to some of the most common JavaScript errors
and what causes them.

Errors and bugs can have a variety of causes. For example,

- Missing an important piece of syntax (like `]`, `)`, `,`).
- Inaccurate access of an object property or an item in an array.
- Inaccurate or incomplete logic.
- Incorrect usage of a method.

JavaScript will throw an error with a message explaining (as best it can) what
the cause is. Interpreting these messages is a learned skill, one you have the
opportunity to practice with this lab!

## Prerequisites

- JavaScript data types and control flow
- Working with JavaScript objects and arrays
- JavaScript functions and methods
- Array methods and callbacks

## Instructions

1. Fork and clone this repository.
1. Change into the new directory.
1. Work through the prompts in [`lib/errors.md`](lib/errors.md) and make a
   commit after completing each prompt.
1. Turn in the lab via a pull request.

Starter code is available in [`lib/`](lib/). A pull request is required for the
lab to be considered complete and turned in.

## Requirements

This lab contains 10 prompts inside [`lib/errors.md`](lib/errors.md). Each
prompt includes a short snippet of JavaScript code that has an error or bug in
it. Your task is to review the code and the error it creates, then determine the
cause of the error and how you can fix it.

Each prompt asks three questions:

1. What is the error message?
1. What is causing the error?
1. How can you resolve/fix the error?

Write your answers inside of [`lib/errors.md`](lib/errors.md). Your answers can
be written or you can provide a fixed code snippet. Make a commit after each
prompt. Then turn your lab in with a pull request on this repository.

We've provided an html file inside of `lib/` that you can use to test out the
code. Add each code snippet to the html file and review it in the browser.

**Please format your responses in Markdown. Use [this cheetsheat](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Here-Cheatsheet) to see how to do so**

## Bonus

If you finish with these 10 bugs, explore some of the [debugging Katas](https://www.codewars.com/kata/search/javascript?q=&r%5B%5D=-8&r%5B%5D=-7&r%5B%5D=-6&tags=Bugs&beta=false) on Code Wars.

## [License](LICENSE)

1. All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
   alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

Add instructions to clarify to make changes in the Answer code block

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# JavaScript Errors and Debugging

Two of the most common challenges developers face are debugging and dealing with
errors. This is especially true for junior developers like yourself. The goal
of this lab is to give you exposure to some of the most common JavaScript errors
and what causes them.

Errors and bugs can have a variety of causes. For example,

- Missing an important piece of syntax (like `]`, `)`, `,`).
- Inaccurate access of an object property or an item in an array.
- Inaccurate or incomplete logic.
- Incorrect usage of a method.

JavaScript will throw an error with a message explaining (as best it can) what
the cause is. Interpreting these messages is a learned skill, one you have the
opportunity to practice with this lab!

## Prerequisites

- JavaScript data types and control flow
- Working with JavaScript objects and arrays
- JavaScript functions and methods
- Array methods and callbacks

## Instructions

1. Fork and clone this repository.
1. Change into the new directory.
1. Work through the prompts in [`lib/errors.md`](lib/errors.md) and make a
   commit after completing each prompt.
1. Turn in the lab via a pull request.

Starter code is available in [`lib/`](lib/). A pull request is required for the
lab to be considered complete and turned in.

## Requirements

This lab contains 10 prompts inside [`lib/errors.md`](lib/errors.md). Each
prompt includes a short snippet of JavaScript code that has an error or bug in
it. Your task is to review the code and the error it creates, then determine the
cause of the error and how you can fix it.

Each prompt asks three questions:

1. What is the error message?
1. What is causing the error?
1. How can you resolve/fix the error?

Write your answers inside of [`lib/errors.md`](lib/errors.md). Your answers can
be written or you can provide a fixed code snippet. Make a commit after each
prompt. Then turn your lab in with a pull request on this repository.

Please do not change the original broken code block in the prompts, make the correctins in the "How can you resolve/fix the error?" section.

We've provided an html file inside of `lib/` that you can use to test out the
code. Add each code snippet to the html file and review it in the browser.

**Please format your responses in Markdown. Use [this cheetsheat](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Here-Cheatsheet) to see how to do so**

## Bonus

If you finish with these 10 bugs, explore some of the [debugging Katas](https://www.codewars.com/kata/search/javascript?q=&r%5B%5D=-8&r%5B%5D=-7&r%5B%5D=-6&tags=Bugs&beta=false) on Code Wars.

## [License](LICENSE)

1. All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
   alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
